TELCODOCS-1848: Add PreflightValidation v1beta2 (#77202)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/kmm-sign-validation-stage.adoc

[id="kmm-sign-validation-stage_{context}"]
= Sign validation stage

Sign validation is executed only when image validation has failed. There is a `sign` section in the `Module` resource that is relevant for the upgrade kernel, and build validation finishes successfully in case there was a `build` section in the `Module` relevant for the upgraded kernel. Sign validation attempts to run the sign job and validate that it finishes successfully.

> If the `PushBuiltImage` flag is defined in the `PreflightValidationOCP` CR, sign validation will also try to push the resulting image to its registry. The resulting image is always the image defined in the `ContainerImage` field of the `Module`. The input image is either the output of the Build stage, or an image defined in the `UnsignedImage` field.

Reviewer: You've removed a few cases of "will" in this PR. Do you want to remove it here as well? 

```suggestion
If the `PushBuiltImage` flag is defined in the `PreflightValidationOCP` CR, sign validation also tries to push the resulting image to its registry. The resulting image is always the image defined in the `ContainerImage` field of the `Module`. The input image is either the output of the Build stage, or an image defined in the `UnsignedImage` field.
```

Author: changed.

[id="kmm-sign-validation-stage_{context}"]
= Sign validation stage

> Sign validation is executed only when image validation has failed. There is a `sign` section in the `Module` resource that is relevant for the upgrade kernel, and build validation finishes successfully in the event there was a `build` section in the `Module` relevant for the upgraded kernel. Sign validation attempts to run the sign job and validate that it finishes successfully.

Author: fixed.
